NMS-13528: Move notification command docs into reference section (#3631)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/configuration/notifications/introduction.adoc

[[ref-notification-command]]
= Notification Commands

> This section describes all available built-in notification commands.

Reviewer: Provide a link back to the Operation section for Notifications.
```suggestion
This section describes all available built-in ref:operation:notifications/introduction.adoc[notification] commands.
```

Notification commands are customizable and extensible by editing the `notificationCommands.xml` file.

> For information on how to extend the functionality of these monitors, see the xref:development:overview/overview.adoc#overview[Development section] to contribute to the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For information on how to extend the functionality of these commands, see the xref:development:overview/overview.adoc#overview[Development section] to contribute to the project.
```

NOTE: Use external binary notification commands sparingly to avoid fork-bombing your {page-component-title} system.

> Originally, all notification commands were external.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
Originally was probably very early in the product, so we can eliminate this sentence.

> Today only the `numericPage` and `textPage` commands use external programs to do their work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the `numericPage` and `textPage` commands use external programs to do their work.
```
